added README.md and support of docker-compose with php-fpm and nginx (#2)
hiqdev/rdap-server-example: README.md

# RDAP server application example

> This is a sample application in using the [HiQDev RDAP library](https://github.com/hiqdev/rdap) which packs domain info into PHP objects and can serialize it to JSON string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a sample application uses the [HiQDev RDAP library](https://github.com/hiqdev/rdap) which packs domain info into PHP objects and can serialize it to JSON string.
```

> Also, this example using [HiQDev RDAP-Whois proxy](https://github.com/hiqdev/rdap-whois-proxy) which retrieves the domain data from the WHOIS to RDAP to show working example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This implementation fetches public WHOIS servers, parses the response, fills RDAP objects and responds according to the RFC????
```
